ignore blogs for SEO until you've done
this
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business growth show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails for B2B marketing website
and SEO tips you can give it a shot over
at businessgrowth dot email so you might
be listening to this and thinking Sam
have you finally lost the floor Vlogs
are a massive part of SEO well truth be
told Vlogs do play a pretty hefty role
in SEO
but when most B2B companies invest in
SEO they want it to drive qualified
leads to their sales team whether that's
demos book calls consultation requests
whatever AKA High intent prospects
searching for your solution your service
or your offer wanting to speak to sales
today now blog articles typically for
prospects earlier or higher up in the
sales funnel that might be looking for
tips looking to learn more about your
industry or to educate themselves around
your industry or your Niche or perhaps
for people in the middle of the sales
funnel maybe comparing you to other
vendors or similar so I'm going to share
what you should consider before you
spend all your time creating blogs to
make sure that your SEO efforts kick off
with a bank and generate your business
Revenue in the shorter term so if you
shouldn't do articles first what the
heck should you do well I recommend you
build out pages for all the main
Services products or offerings that you
want to get leads calls or demos for as
soon as possible to attract those High
intent ideal clients so think about what
are those main offerings those main
Services those main use cases now a lot
of this you would have identified during
keyword research if you want tips on SEO
keyword research from a B2B perspective
check out my recent podcast or YouTube
episode The Ultimate B2B SEO guide got a
bunch of useful tips for making sure you
show up when prospects have problems you
fix or have high intent for your service
or offer so yeah you want to map out all
these main Services products or
offerings or use cases or even
Geographic locations and you want to
build out a hefty long form detailed
page for each and every one so when
these prospects have high intent for
these offers your page has a solid
chance to show top of search results and
capture that potential lead
some examples of what these Pages might
actually look like for SEO and web
design company like us at webchoice we
might make Pages for B2B SEO company B2B
SAS SEO company B2B SEO for tech
companies best B2B SEO agency B2B SEO
for service companies and the list goes
on covering our main services and the
main industries we want to work with if
you were let's say outsourced sales
company maybe you'd make Pages for
outsourced sales development sdrs for
hire Outsource sales development reps
Outsource sdrs for tech companies B2B
telemarketing Services you get the idea
covering those main services and main
industries you want to do business with
so a few ideas for actually crafting
these pages so they're going to rank
well on Google have a good chance to
collect that organic traffic and drive
inbound leads is you can review the top
three organic listings so if you
actually search for those main keywords
see what's ranking top three already and
look for angles opportunities ways you
can surpass their content you can one-up
them with extra insights thoughts and
useful tips
you want to build these service Pages
for your buyers so you've got to know
your ideal clients main cares the main
problems and frustrations they face
their main objections they bring up and
their main goals the reason why they
might want to invest and you want to
bear in mind Google's recent update ee80
experience expertise Authority and trust
is what they're looking for in these
content pages that you're going to build
out so for example a detailed service or
solution page might include things like
an overview of the offering the common
problems the offer actually fixes why
your company might need it
processes video guides how you attack
the offer
things like examples case studies
results
client work testimonials so actually
proof that you can deliver what you say
you can pricing so how much it costs and
then FAQs handing those common questions
common objections and more for your
sales team get on sales calls
and remember we want these pages to
convert prospects as well as doing all
those things I mentioned around covering
common questions problems frustrations
and more in the content we want to build
trust so having testimonials whether
that's videos or maybe that's client
stories or maybe that's some reviews
whether it's Google reviews reviews from
other external review sites and more and
having consistent call to actions so
when someone's scrolling through the
page they can easily take the next step
with your sales team whether that's
booking time on their calendar
requesting a demo scheduling a consult
or a click to call just make sure it's
nice and simple for someone to take the
next step when they're ready
once you've built out all those pages
for your main Solutions Services Target
markets or even Geographic locations
that you want to attract leads and
clients from then you can work your way
higher up the funnel and you can start
considering doing blog articles to build
up your reputation answer questions give
useful tips insights and educate your
targeting Market bearing in mind those
prospects are going to be earlier in
their sales Journey but you can direct
them of course to useful resources
whether that's lead magnets perhaps
useful guides perhaps you can prompt
them to sign up to email list send them
to your video resources or your podcast
and you can build up that brand
reputation long term
and there you have it I hope you found
this episode useful if you did a quick
subscribe on YouTube goes a long way or
if you're on the audio podcast a rating
or review is very much appreciated and
with that I shall catch you on the next
one cheers